# Player Guides

In this section is explain the entire game for players. Rules are really simple.

## Objective

You are a ruler of a kingdom made by towers. Conquer towers of other players. The last ruler in play is the winner.

### How to attack

You can select one of your towers and choose one enemy tower where send soldiers. When your soldiers arrive, they fight with defending enemy soldiers, killing and being killed. If attackers soldiers kill all defending ones, they will conquer the tower.

### How to defend

You can select one of your towers and choose one allied tower to defend it. Your soldiers from first tower are send to the second one to help protect it from enemy soldiers.

## Game entities

### Soldier

Is generated by a tower and can attack or protect them. You can send soldiers to other towers, creating a [Route](#route) between them. If he encounter an enemy, they will fight, kill each other.

### Tower

Is a blank square in the map and is a part of your kingdom. It generates 1 [Soldier](#soldier) per second. You control a tower as long as one of your soldier control it. If attackers soldiers kill all yours, you lose the tower control. If your soldiers kill all enemy ones, you take control of tower.

### Route

A route is created as a link between two towers. Using it, soldiers can go from one tower to another one to attack or protect it. A route can be used from both sides, so pay attention before creating one: you can use that route, but enemies can do the same!
